[ Growls ]
[ Gunshot ]
[ Thud ]
Sam: My family hunts.
It's what we do.
[ AC/DC's “If You Want Blood
(You've Got It)” playing ]
[ Roars ]
Let's begin.
Toni Bevell. Men of Letters.
London chapter house.
If you answer my questions.
you'll walk right out that door.
Sam: I've been tortured by
the Devil himself.
What can you do to me?
[ Screaming ]
Toni:
The Winchester's are no better
than the monsters
they fail to control.
They need to be eliminated.
Aren't we supposed to be
on the same team?
[ Gun cocks ]
Get away from my boys.
Mom?
Yeah.
[ Grunting ]
[ Gunshot ]
No argument.
Lady Bevell went too far.
I deeply apologize.
We wanna work with you.
My number.
I found a case.
Dean: If Mom wants to hunt.
I say we hunt.
♪
♪ Blood on the streets ♪
I've heard of people coming back
from the dead before.
But to actually do it?
I just have a lot of blanks
to fill in.
I have to go.
Billie:
It's always nice to see
a Winchester who can't get
what he wants.
Dean: Billie. She's a reaper.
See. I'm a big believer
in what dies...
Dean: Sam!
...stays dead.
No!
Stop it! [ Cries ] Dean.
If any of you change your minds.
you know my name.
Crowley: We've got to
put Lucifer back in the cage.
I think I know the identity
of Lucifer's newest vessel --
Jefferson Rooney.
President of
these United States.
I just know you'd make
an amazing father.
A nephilim
has come into being.
It's the offspring
of an angel and a human.
Sam: Lucifer.
So you're gonna pop Lucifer
out of the President with that?
Dean: I hope so.
Otherwise. we're all dead.
♪ Blood on the rocks ♪
You're under arrest
for the attempted assassination
of the President
of the United States.
Dean:
It's not like we're in
the “live till you're 90.
die in your sleep” business.
This only ends one way.
[ Loud clank ]
[ Cash register dings.
utensils clink ]
[ Door bell jingles ]
[ Spoon clatters ]
[ Door closes ]
[ Cellphone rings ]
[ Ring ]
[ Ring. beep ]
Castiel?
Mary. Where are you?
I-I. uh...
Lawrence. Kansas.
Cass. what's wrong?
Uh. uh...
Well. I-I need you to meet me
at the bunker.
[ Cellphone beeps ]
[ Sighs ]
♪
[ Door closes ]
Six hours ago.
Sam and Dean Winchester
tried to kill the President
of the United States.
Huh. Do we know why?
They haven't said a word
since we picked 'em up.
♪
Camp: Quiet types. okay.
What do we know about 'em?
Rick: A lot. Brothers.
Born in Lawrence. Kansas.
to Mary Winchester. deceased.
and John Winchester.
also deceased.
FBI started investigating them
back in 2007.
For what?
Assault. murder.
multiple counts
of desecrating a corpse.
The same corpse?
No. Different corpses.
They made the FBI's Most Wanted
in 2011.
then died in a shootout
with police in Ankeny. Iowa.
At least that's what their file
said. but apparently not.
Apparently.
What about the girl?
Kelly Kline.
And she's a Presidential aide.
but no one's seen her
since that day.
We don't know where she went
or if she's still alive.
[ Door opens ]
How many people know about this?
We're keeping it quiet.
Just you. me. the agents
who made the arrest. and POTUS.
But the last thing he remembers...
[ Keypad beeps. door opens ]
was saying his nightly prayers
three days before it happened.
Drugged?
Lab's running a tox screen now.
but yeah. probably.
[ Keypad beeps. door opens ]
And by “probably.”
you mean “maybe.”
And by “maybe.”
you mean “I don't know.”
So next time.
just say you don't know.
[ Grunts ]
[ Loud clank ]
Look. you're here
because you're some big shot
anti-terrorism guy.
But you want my opinion?
We should take
those two psychos out back.
I cap one. you take the other.
we grab an early lunch.
Yeah?
They got it comin'.
Yeah. but what if
they're not working alone?
I mean. what if these boys have
ties to...Oh. I don't know.
white nationalists.
Muslim brotherhood?
Really?
I'm just sayin'.
They might be the tip
of some nasty-ass iceberg.
That -- that's what you think?
Probably.
Maybe.
I don't know.
Let's find out.
[ Loud clank ]
Hi. Dean.
How you doin'?
Can I get you coffee?
Water?
Or you hungry?
I got a chocolate bar
here somewhere.
Don't tell my wife.
So...you've had a day.
Wanna tell me about it?
Like. for example.
why you went after
the leader of the free world?
Well. let me guess.
You don't like cops.
[ Chuckles ] Hell. I get it.
We can be real jackasses.
But you're gonna
talk to me. son.
You just are.
Now that's not a threat.
I don't believe in torture.
Doesn't work.
Oh. I've seen folks
waterboarded. cut on.
And they talk. Ooh. they do.
But they never tell you
what you need.
You know what does work.
though? Every time?
Nothing.
See. when I leave.
that door closes.
and it stays closed.
and you stay in the dark.
Now maybe that doesn't
sound so bad.
But after a month. a year.
you spend enough time
staring at these walls.
just you
and all that nothing.
you'll get so crazy to talk.
to see someone real.
you'll tell me
exactly what I need.
You'll tell me with a smile.
It'll just take some time.
Of course. the thing is.
after what you did.
no one's in a hurry
to get you that phone call.
So you and me.
we've got all the time
in the world.
[ Door clanks loudly ]
♪ Supernatural 12x09 ♪
First Blood
Original Air Date on January 26. 201
== sync. corrected by elderman ==
@elder_man
[ The Specials' “Ghost Town”
playing ]
[ Roller clicking ]
♪
♪ This town ♪
♪ Town ♪
♪ Is coming like a ghost town ♪
♪ All the clubs
have been closed down ♪
[ Roller clicks ]
This is Mick Davies.
filing Status Update
Bravo Three.
[ Bell dings ]
As instructed. I've been
attempting to make inroads
with the American hunters.
But unfortunately.
there's been a few setbacks.
Let me paint you a picture
of a world without monsters
or demons
or any of those little buggers
that go bump in the night.
Of a world where no one has to
die because of the supernatural.
Of a new world. a better world.
[ Slurping ]
Now if you work with us.
you'll have support.
in every sense of the word.
You need lore?
Our libraries are
the biggest and the best.
You want money? We have money.
You need weapons?
We have gear
you can't even imagine.
Now what I'm saying. Wally.
is that you need people like us.
and we need hunters like you.
[ Sighs deeply ]
Now all we ask in return
is that when we call.
you go where you're told
and you do what you're told.
For the greater good.
[ Slurping ]
Let me see your hands.
Come on. let me see
your hands.
Yeah. all right.
Soft.
Hmm. Thank you.
[ Door bell jingles ]
You ever hunt anything?
I'm more tactical.
Long-term strategy.
[ Door bell jingles ]
Right.
Listen. uh. Mike --
Mick.
Whatever.
I don't know you.
and I ain't looking to take
any orders from anyone.
Especially some...
[ Chuckles ]
[ imitates British accent ]
...limey paper pusher.
I'm not quite sure
you understand. mate.
No. I think I do.
So no offense.
but you can take your offer...
[ Clears throat ]
and you can...
[ Clicks tongue ]
...shove it up your ass.
I'm sure it won't be
too painful.
what with those soft hands
of yours. right?
That's. uh.
that's for the burger.
In short. the American hunters
have proven...
difficult.
As for the Winchesters...
You left them.
No. I...
Dean told me to go.
The woman --
The one you lost?
I didn't. I...
I thought that she --
Stop making excuses!
[ Sighs heavily ]
Why...if they needed help.
why didn't they call me?
You were out.
[ Sighs ]
How do we let this happen.
Castiel?
♪
[ Rattling ]
[ Slot door opens ]
[ Metal scrapes ]
Man: Chow time!
[ Slot door opens ]
[ Metal scrapes ]
Chow time!
[ Sniffs ]
[ Sniffs. groans ]
Mm.
[ Slot door opens ]
Chow time!
[ Metal scrapes ]
[ Slot door opens ]
Chow time!
[ Metal scrapes ]
[ Sighs deeply ]
Chow time!
[ Slot door opens ]
[ Metal scrapes ]
[ “En El Cielo No Hay Cervez” playing ]
Mmm.
Can't help you.
Come on. Crowley.
The police took them.
You have people
in the government.
You have spies.
I do?
But whatever's happened
to Moose and Squirrel.
apparently. it's above
their pay grade.
Do you even care that
they're gone?
No.
Do you know how many
all-powerful beings
have tried to kill them?
Roughly. yes.
As do I.
I was bloody one of them.
Sam and Dean?
They're like herpes.
Just when you think
they're gone...Hello!
The boys are back.
leaving a trail of bodies
in their wake.
So wherever they are.
whoever has Sam and Dean.
Well...
in the immortal words
of Lawrence Tureaud...
[ imitates Mr. T ]
“I pity the fool.”
[ Indistinct conversations ]
♪
[ Cellphone rings in distance ]
[ Ring ]
[ Switch clicks ]
[ Sighs ]
[ Ring. beep ]
Dean?
Oh. No.
He's...
Mary?
Yeah.
This is Alicia. Uh. Asa's kid.
Oh.
Look. I -- me and my brother.
we're working this case
in Louisiana.
We thought it was some
southern fried werewolf thing.
but it's not one thing.
It's a pack.
There's. like. a billion
of them down here.
and...we need help.
Where are you?
♪
[ Scrapes ]
[ Exhaling sharply ]
[ Buzzing ]
♪
Thanks for meeting me.
[ Bluesy rock music playing ]
I just wanted to say...
[ Clears throat ] I'm sorry.
I was angry. and...
Sam and Dean.
that's not your fault.
No. you were right.
I should never have
left them. I...
Have you heard anything?
All my law enforcement contacts
are retired or...dead.
[ Cash register beeps.
till opens ]
[ Sighs ] I'm trying. but...
You?
I keep telling myself
they're fine.
They've only been gone --
6 weeks. 2 days. and 10 hours.
[ Pool balls clack ]
We'll find them. Castiel.
We will.
Until then. we just...
We're doin' our best.
Are we?
Did you hear about the murders
in Lancaster. Missouri?
No.
The women with
their throats ripped out.
the blood drained?
Vampires.
I saw it on the news
and I thought.
that's the sort of thing
Sam and Dean would investigate.
They would roll into town.
save the day.
kill the monsters.
But with them gone...
I tried to work the case.
I tried. [ Chuckles ]
But...I don't know
what I did wrong.
I...I asked questions.
but maybe they were
the wrong people
or the wrong questions.
and I just --
I never found it.
Never found the monster.
Never even got close.
And three more women died
before I left town.
Before I ran away.
So we go back.
You and me.
No.
No. I'd only
get in your way.
[ Clank ]
[ Metal scrapes ]
Chow time!
Yo. eat up.
Crap.
[ Door clanks ]
What happened?
I was doing my rounds
and I did CPR.
but he was gone.
♪
Get that other cell open. Now!
[ Keypad beeps. door clanks ]
He's dead.
♪
I don't get it.
They both died
on the same day?
That's not...
How's that even possible?
You tell us.
Great plan.
For the last two months.
we've done nothing
but sit around
with our junk in our hands
because you wanted to
wait them out.
That really worked.
Yeah. nice job.
Well. I'm just gonna...
Yeah.
You wanted them dead.
They're dead.
I wanted them punished.
I wanted to look Dean Winchester
in the eye and...
[ Door closes ]
...wanted him to feel it.
Well. that...
that is
totally mentally normal.
Go to hell.
[ Switch clicks ]
[ Door closes ]
♪
[ Beep ]
Mary: Castiel. it's me.
I'm just calling to...
You don't have to worry
about that thing in Missouri.
I'm handling it.
[ Gasps deeply ]
[ Coughing ]
[ Wheezing gasps ]
[ Coughs ]
You good?
[ Breathing deeply ]
Yeah. I've been better.
I've been worse.
Looks like it worked.
So far.
[ Door slams in distance ]
[ Footsteps approaching ]
[ Gasps ]
Shh. shh. shh. shh.
Shh.
H-how...
Where are we?
I-I don't know.
Answer him.
Seriously.
they blindfold me every day
before they bring me to work.
I...
This place.
it's not supposed to exist.
Clear.
♪
[ Cellphone beeps ]
[ Line rings ]
[ Cellphone rings. vibrates ]
Castiel:
This is my voicemail.
Hey. should we take it?
Make your voice a mail.
No. it's probably got lowjack.
[ Beep. line rings ]
This is my voicemail.
Come on. Cass.
Got a map.
[ Cellphone rings. vibrates ]
[ Ring ]
What?
Cass.
Dean?
Hey. buddy. Long time.
What...
What happened?
Where -- where are you?
You wouldn't believe me.
and I have no clue. Uh...
Got something.
All right. looks like
that's Elk Mountain.
which makes that
Longs Peak.
[ Crows caw ]
Okay. looks like
we're in Colorado.
In Rocky Mountain
National Park.
Uh. if we head north.
we should hit State Route 34.
Eventually.
Did you get that?
Yes.
All right. meet us there.
Wait. Where?
Just drive along the road.
and you'll see us. And. Cass...
the sooner the better.
We're kinda on the clock here.
[ Cellphone beeps ]
Wait. what does that...
[ Sighs ]
[ Cellphone beeps ]
You didn't tell him?
No.
They'll track the phone.
Right.
[ Cellphone thuds ]
[ Insects buzzing ]
[ Rain falling ]
[ Cellphone ringing ]
[ Ring. beep ]
Castiel?
Slow...slow down. What?
[ Gasps ]
[ Whispers ] Oh. God.
[ Switch clicks ]
The hell?
[ Banging ]
Hey.
♪
[ Radio chatter ]
Man: There you go.
This isn't...
I took his pulse.
They were dead.
Look. I got no idea
what went down here.
Maybe they got
to one of the guards.
Maybe this is some slow
your heartbeat kung fu crap.
What I do know --
the Winchesters are out there.
And this time.
we're doing it my way.
All right!
We got two runners with about
a 45-minute head start.
These are killers.
[ Panting ]
So you get eyes.
you pull the trigger.
Let's move out.
♪
[ Click ]
You got here quickly.
Yep.
What do you think
we're walking into?
I don't know.
We may want backup.
Crowley and Rowena?
The King of Hell
and his mother. the witch?
[ Scoffs ] Hope we can do
better than that.
[ Seat belt clicks ]
I may have an idea.
Good.
[ Engine starts ]
Seat belt on.
I drive fast.
[ Shifts gears ]
[ Engine revs ]
[ Tires peal ]
♪
[ Camp panting ]
Long time since you've been
in the field. huh?
I mean. if you need
to head back...
I'm fine.
All right. so we got what?
An hour till dark?
Which puts us
at six hours till midnight?
That sounds about right.
Dean. we gotta talk
about this.
Okay. we will. All right?
Later.
♪
This is your idea?
The people that almost killed
my boys.
they're gonna be our backup?
Suddenly. the demon
and his mommy don't look so bad.
They helped us with Lucifer.
Lucifer? The Lucifer?
Yes.
Wait. so you're telling me
what happened
in Indianapolis was
you took on
the bleedin' Devil himself?
Yes.
Did you win?
Bravo.
But Sam and Dean were taken.
We think we can get them back.
but we need...
help.
So we'll help.
Really? Just like that?
Mrs. Winchester -- Mary...
I came to this country
to do one thing -- make friends.
But you American hunters.
you're --
you're a different breed
than our sort.
You're surly. suspicious.
You don't play well with others.
Well. that is accurate.
You don't trust people
you don't know.
even when they come
bearing gifts.
Now I can't help that.
but I can help you.
And if word were to get out
that we did our part
to save
Sam and Dean Winchester.
well. that's just good business.
innit?
And who knows.
When all this is over.
we might even be friends.
♪
We think Sam and Dean were being
held somewhere
in the Rocky Mountain
National Forest.
Site 94?
It's a government facility.
off-books.
Shadow ops.
One of those places
that officially doesn't exist.
Then how do you know about it?
We gather information.
It's our job.
They told us to meet them
off State Route 34.
Well. that's a long stretch
of road. Where. exactly?
I'm not sure.
I'll our techs to put
a satellite over the area.
You can do that?
And so much more.
Do you have any idea what sort
of trouble we're walking into?
No.
Oh. good.
I do like a surprise.
[ Stream running ]
♪
They're on us.
Yeah.
Damn it.
♪
Rick: Norton. come in.
[ Static crackles ]
This is Norton. I'm on the ri--
[ Grunts ]
[ Grunting ]
[ Static crackles ]
Norton? Norton?
This is Sanchez. Do you copy?
[ Static crackles ]
Norton has gone night-night.
Winchester.
This the man in charge?
That's right.
Well. let me tell you
how this is gonna go.
You're gonna call your boys
and you're gonna turn around.
and nobody's gonna get hurt.
No. no.
Here's how this is gonna go.
I take
my highly trained soldiers.
track your ass down.
and you get hurt.
A lot.
You can't run forever.
You're trapped out here.
[ Static crackles ]
Well. what we have here
is a failure to communicate.
'Cause we're not trapped
out here with you.
You're trapped out here
with us.
[ Click ]
♪
[ Panting ]
That'll work.
[ Bird calls ]
[ Thunder rumbling ]
♪
[ Door creaking ]
[ Sets down rifle ]
[ Thunder rumbling ]
[ Match strikes ]
[ Leaves rustling.
thunder rumbling ]
♪
[ Thuds ]
[ Insects chirping ]
[ Thunder rumbling ]
[ Door creaking ]
[ Branch snaps. rustling ]
[ Floorboard creaks ]
[ Rifle cocks. rapid gunfire ]
[ Screaming ]
[ Grunts ]
[ Groaning ]
Go!
[ Groaning continues ]
[ Man breathing heavily ]
[ Groans ]
[ Creaks ]
[ Rapid gunfire ]
[ Casings clatter ]
[ Continues groaning ]
♪
[ Breathes heavily ]
[ Breathing shallowly ]
You'll live.
[ Wheezing inhale ]
Dean: Hey.
[ Clank ]
Aah!
[ Groans ]
I told you. You're trapped.
Camp. Shoot him!
[ Gun cocks ]
[ Rifle cocks ]
Don't.
[ Thunder rumbling ]
Hand me the gun.
[ Rick exhales sharply ]
[ Groans ]
You want the truth?
The President was possessed
by the Devil.
We saved his life.
That's the truth.
[ Rick grunts ]
Now you can take that
and do what you want with it.
But if you come after us.
you know what'll happen.
[ Gasps ]
[ Exhales sharply ]
[ Groans ]
[ Thunder rumbling ]
Camp: Who are you?
We're the guys that
save that world.
Sam! Dean!
Cass.
Mom.
Hey. buddy.
♪
Oh.
Mom. how did y'all
even find us?
They helped.
Hello. lads.
They have a thermal imaging
satellite that saw you.
From space.
Well. we don't have one.
Just borrowed it for a bit.
Friends in all the right places.
Well. I guess this is where
we're supposed to say thank you.
No need.
Happy to be of service.
Again.
[ Inhales deeply ]
Okay. then.
We should get.
The people we left. they'll call
for backup any second.
Uh. you left survivors?
They were soldiers.
just doing what they were told.
Still...a bit unprofessional.
We'll handle it.
Let's get.
♪
So wait. you're hunting?
A little bit.
Yeah. I knew you couldn't
stay away.
[ Radio turns on.
static crackles ]
[ Engine sputtering ]
It's time.
[ Bird calling ]
What's happening?
Yeah. Dean.
'Sup?
♪
Billie?
The reaper?
I don't understand.
Mom...that place...
There's only one way we were
getting out of there.
and that wasn't breathing.
So I made a call.
Billie.
Sam: Dean talked with her.
and then Billie came to see me.
And we made a deal.
We'd get to die and come back
one more time.
but in exchange...
Come midnight.
a Winchester goes bye-bye.
Like. permanently.
And that is something
I've been looking forward to
for a long time.
Why would you --
We were already dead.
Being locked in that cell
with nothing...
I've been to Hell.
This was worse.
At least this way. one of us
gets to keep fighting.
You don't have to do this.
Yeah. they do.
We made a pact.
Bound in blood.
[ Grunts ]
[ Inhales deeply ]
You break that.
there's consequences
on a cosmic scale.
So who's it gonna be?
Me.
Mom.
No.
No. No.
[ Both grunt ]
You said come midnight.
a Winchester dies?
I'm a Winchester.
Works for me.
[ Gun cocks ]
Mom!
Don't!
[ Sniffles ] I love you.
♪
Aah! Uhh!
[ Groans ]
[ Thud ]
Cass. what have you done?
What had to be done.
You know this world.
this sad.
doomed little world.
it needs you.
It needs every last Winchester
it can get.
and I will not let you die.
I won't let any of you die.
And I won't let you sacrifice
yourselves.
You mean too much to me.
to everything.
Yeah. you made a deal.
You made a stupid deal.
and I broke it.
You're welcome.
♪
Mick: And just like that.
the Winchesters are back.
for better or worse.
True. they did leave
loose ends. but...
[ Bell dings ]
that's what Mr. Ketch is for.
[ Camera shutter clicking ]
Every person who knew about
Sam and Dean's little adventure
in assassination
has been dealt with.
As far as
the world's concerned.
it never even happened.
[ Bell dings. roller clicks ]
The last thing we need is for
the United States government
sniffing about.
asking questions.
[ Roller clicks ]
And as for making inroads
with the American hunters.
well. good news.
Let me paint you a picture
of a world without monsters
or demons
or any of those little buggers
that go bump in the night.
Of a world where no one has to
die because of the supernatural.
Of a new world. a better world.
[ Indistinct conversations ]
[ Door bell jingles ]
I'm listening.
== sync. corrected by elderman ==
@elder_man